Now Qín Ruò Yǔ has secured
The Dì Háo Group contract
Are we really going to
Just admit defeat like this?
It’s not over yet
Whether the signing goes smoothly
Is still uncertain
That’s a great idea
Tell me, what tricks did this Qín Ruò Yǔ
Use to make Young Master Qín
Spare no expense
To openly oppose Fù Shì?
[Dì Háo Designer] Shameless, that’s how
[Dì Háo Designer] Who knows what tricks she used
To enchant Young Master Qín out of his wits
President Qín, doing well?
Don’t think just because you have money and power
I’ll be afraid of you
This society
Still relies on strength
Someone like you who serves with looks
Will sooner or later be abandoned by Young Master Qín
Sooner or later
From today onward
The entire company, top to bottom
Clean it all thoroughly
On what grounds?
I’m the best designer
In this company
Not here to be a janitor
Who said I
Have money and power?